Fix links to custom images documentation page (#2110)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/snapshots.asciidoc

[id="{p}-install-plugin"]
==== Install the storage repository plugin

> To install the storage repository plugin, you can either use a link:k8s-custom-images.html[custom image] or link:k8s-init-containers-plugin-downloads.html[add your own init container] which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the storage repository plugin, you can either use a <<{p}-custom-images,custom image>> or <<{p}-init-containers-plugin-downloads,add your own init container>> which
```
